What's Wrong baby hey everybody I know
what you're all thinking your eyes
aren't accustomed to viewing this much
color and pleasantness well my friends
that's because you've been watching too
many gloomy movies with brooding
anti-heroes maybe it's time to let a
little sunshine into your life
what's going on
I'm queen Bart of the hard rock trolls
Lina rock I'm gonna destroy all music
except for rock who the truth is there
are other kinds of trolls these other
trolls aren't like us
they sing different they dance different
they're different in ways you can't even
imagine differences don't matter we have
to unite all the trolls stop barb from
destroying all music I'm coming with you
[Music]
a world where everyone looks the same
I will unite the trolls under one music
our music you'll never stop fighting
until I make things right hell we gonna
hug away out of this one I will protect
you no matter what i pinky promise you
can't go back on a pinky
Oh pinkie promise
[Music]